L: We meet at last mortal
P: Who are you?
L: Is it not obvious?
L: I AM THE RULER OF HUMANITY!
P: No- tha- why are you here?
L: We both know why, child. 
P: I don't regret what I did. 
L: Hmm... You have commited treason, WRATH SIX
L: You first failed to comply to orders
L: Then you eliminated the rest of WRATH team. 
L: THE URH, as well as I shall not stand for that.
P: My name isn't WRATH VI anymore. 
P: I've already given you a heavy loss by killing Commander Winston. 
P: Do what your corrupt ass tells you, I'm ready. 
L: Ha ha ha
P: ?
L: Fool. I am not here to kill you, or arrest you. I am here to congratulate you. 
P: what do you mean?
L: The person you killed inside there, that wasn't Commander Winston.
P: What?
L: You see, Commander Winston is currently located in a secret facility off the coast of Alaska. 
P: but, that- no...
L: You see, Commander Winston felt susipous of your erratic behaviour before ORDER was given. 
L: So he contacted his commanding officers, and soon I was made aware. 
L: Let's just say that ruling for over three centuries can make one... bored.
P: Wha are you talking abo-
L: Someone else took the fall for your lust for revenge.
P: No...
L: Before you executed WRATH ONE to FIVE, I personally had given them an order.
L: To capture General Morgan. 
P: No, That's impossible. They had him killed!
L: Your team told the truth. From a certain point of view. 
L: When they told you Morgan was "dead", they meant it. 
L: You killed him. 
L: You assassinated your father. 
P: NO!
L: You fool walked right into our trap. 
P: You're lying!
L: It is the truh. Once he was captured, we wiped his memmory, and implanted Winston's. 
L: Then all we had to do was change his face to match Winston's. 
P: No... father...
L: Mind you, it went perfectly as planned. I was quite entertained. 
P: I'll kill you!
L: Boy, I hav lived and ruled for over three centuries. 
L: The United Nations fell before me
L: I am a god!
L: And gods never die. 
P: We'll see about that!
L: Sorry to disapoint, but I lack the time to deal with you. 
L:Thank you for killing the leader of the Insurrection. 
L: Though, sorry to say, your services are no longer needed. 
L: Effective immidiatly, WRATH team is discharged. 
L: The rotating lasers will do their work. 
P: Don't leave! Come back!
L: Goodbye, WRATH SIX. 

